Feature/download deps assets (#527)
AntaresSimulatorTeam/antares-xpansion: docs/developer-guide/install_from_sources/3-Build.md

Here is a list of available CMake configure options:

| Option                     | Default                                  | Description                                                                  |
|:---------------------------|------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE`         | `Release`                                | Define build type. Available values are `Release` and `Debug`.               |
| `USE_SEQUENTIAL`           | `ON`                                     | Enable build of sequential executable.                                       |
| `USE_MPI`                  | `OFF`                                    | Enable build of bendersmpi executable.                                       |

> | `DBUILD_antares_solver`    | `OFF`                                    | Enable build of antares-solver.                                              |
> | `DDOWNLOAD_antares_solver` | `ON`                                     | Enable download of antares-solver.                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `BUILD_antares_solver`    | `OFF`                                    | Enable build of antares-solver.                                              |
| `DOWNLOAD_antares_solver` | `ON`                                     | Enable download of antares-solver.                                           |
```

Reviewer: Are those two options compatible ? What happens if they're both set to ON ?

|`XPRESS`|`OFF`| Enable Xpress support. |
|`XPRESS_ROOT`|`C:/xpressmp` on Windows, `/opt/xpressmp` on Unix. | Define Xpress installation directory. |

### Antares solver dependency
You may have noticed two options related to antares-solver: _BUILD_antares_solver_ and _DOWNLOAD_antares_solver_

In case cmake can't find _antares-solver_ package it will check if _DOWNLOAD_antares_solver_ is ON. In this case it will try 
to download the asset from [Antares Simulator repository](https://github.com/AntaresSimulatorTeam/Antares_Simulator/releases).
The asset downloaded is always a release version. The version number is the one set in antares-version.json at the root of XPansion repository

> In case the package is still not found (download failed, or you didn't enable it) and if _BUILD_antares_solver_ is ON cmake will 
> fetch [Antares Simulator repository](https://github.com/AntaresSimulatorTeam/Antares_Simulator/) and build it. The build type (debug|release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case the package is still not found (download failed, or you didn't enable it) and if _BUILD_antares_solver_ is ON cmake will 
fetch [Antares Simulator source files](https://github.com/AntaresSimulatorTeam/Antares_Simulator/) and build the project. The build type (debug|release)
```

> depends on the build chosen for Xpansion. To build Antares Simulator you will need to have its dependency ortool
> available to cmake find_package()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
depends on the build chosen for Xpansion. To build Antares Simulator you will need to have its dependency OR-Tools, which is available using CMake's find_package(). You may also provide an install directory in the `CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH`.
```
